# âœ¨ Features

## âœ”ï¸ Bitbot creates it's own config hotspot when it cant connect to WiFi
>**As** Marketing  
**In order that** customers give Bitbot **glowing reviews** about the easy setup process  
>**I want** new users to have a simple means to **connect Bitbot to their wifi**  
**So that** they can **easily link** the device to their network  
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… No wifi is available, Bitbot creates it's own configuration hostspot.`  
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Wifi connection is lost, Bitbot creates it's own configuration hostspot after 5 mins.`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… A user connects to the configuration hotspot, and sets Bitbot to connect to an existing wifi access point.`

## âœ”ï¸ Config allows changing exchange and instrument
>**As** Marketing  
**In order that** Bitbot appeals to as **many people as possible**  
**I want** the **displayed instrument** to be configurable  
**So that** users can follow their **preferred cryptocurrency**
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbot defaults to showing bitmex BTC/USD ticker.`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbot is re-configured to show an ETH/USD chart.`

## âœ”ï¸ Stocks and shares charts can be shown 
>**As** Marketing  
**In order that** to appeal to a broad user-base   
**I want** Bitbot to support regular stocks and shares  
**So that** people who follow non-crypto markets may also purchase a device  
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbot is configured with a stock symbol and then shows stock price.`
 - *Scenario:* `ðŸš§ Bitbot is configured with a stock symbol and shows logo for the stock.`
 - *Scenario:* `ðŸš§ Bitbot is configured with a stock symbol and shows news for the stock.`

## âœ”ï¸ The price header should not overlap the chart
>**As** Marketing  
**In order that** Bitbot looks **aesthetically pleasing** 
**I want** the price display to **avoid overlapping** the chart  
**So that** users can **clearly see** both chart and current price
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Current price is displayed in a large font, and avoids covering the chart.`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Current price has a white background when it has to cover some of the chart.`

## âœ”ï¸ A helpful error page is shown when there is no internet connection
>**As** Support  
**In order** to **minimise support work** generated by networking problems  
**I want** users to see a **connection error screen** when Bitbot has no internet connection  
**So that** that they know when their device is disconnected and **cannot update the chart**  
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Wifi is connected, but Bitbot cannot connect to google, so an error is shown.`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Wifi is not connected, so an error is shown.`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Wifi is connected, and Bitbot can ping google, so loads the chart.`

## âœ”ï¸ A volume chart can be enabled
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** that pro traders be interested in Bitbot  
**I want** bit bot to show an optional volume graph below the prive chart  
**So that**  the validity of price movements can be better assessed
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbot defaults to showing no volume chart`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbots config is altered to enable the volume chart`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Bitbots config allows styling of the volume chart`

## âœ”ï¸ Config is editable via a built-in webserver
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** to avoid having to use ssh to edit configs
**I want** Bitbot to run a web-server, hosting a config editor page  
**So that** that non-technical users can customise their Bitbot
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Config server defaults to port 8080`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Display is starts updating immediately after any config change`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… Logs can be viewed in the config-server web-page`

## âœ”ï¸ Chart styles are editable in the config-server
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** we can advertise bit bot as 'infinately customisable' 
**I want** users to be able to edit the matplot lib style sheets  
**So that** they can personalise their chart to their own tastes
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… The config editor allows direct editing of existing MPL style sheet files`
 - *Scenario:* `ðŸš§ Incomplete: The config editor allows new MPL style sheets to be added, and referenced in the config.ini`

## âœ”ï¸ Total value of holdings can be tracked   
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** that users find using Bitbot friction-free
**I want** a config entry for the users holdings, and a total value to be drawn to screen  
**So that** users dont have to calculate totals themselves
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… holdings are entered into the config file, and total value is displayed below the price`
 
## âœ”ï¸ Can be used as a digital picture frame
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** so that we can advertise Bitbot as a digital picture-frame
**I want** users to be able to upload images for permanent display
**So that** Bitbot fulfills multiple purposes for them 
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… picture-mode is enabled and an image uploaded, which is then displayed`
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… picture-mode is disabled, the device returns to displaying a price chart`
 - *Scenario:* `ðŸš§ cycle picture-mode is enabled, the device cycles throught all uploaded images using refresh interval`

## âœ”ï¸ Support Inky Impression buttons
>**As** Support
**In order that** users find bitbot easy to use
**I want** button presses for changing configuration values
**So that** users can conveniently change common config options
 - *Scenario:* `A button is presses to toggle between picture-frame and chart modes.`
 - *Scenario:* `A button is pressed to refresh the current chart data.`
 - *Scenario:* `A button is pressed to toggle the volume graph.`
 - *Scenario:* `A button is pressed to toggle between extended and normal layouts.`


## âœ”ï¸ Show setup instructions on first load
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** to avoid sending printed setup instructions with each device  
**I want** bit bot to guide the user through settting up the device when if first powers on  
**So that** users have an easy on-boarding experience and leave glowing reviews  
 - *Scenario:* `âœ… on first power on, Bitbot displays a friendly welcome message and explains how to configure the wifi`
 - *Scenario:* `ðŸš§ before power on, Bitbot displays a simple graphinc showing assembly instructions`

# ðŸš§ INCOMPLETE

## ðŸ’¡Updates are easy to install
>**AS** Support  
**In order** fixes can easily be installed by end users
**I want** the config server to trigger software updates  
**So that** users do not have to use ssh and git to update
 - *Scenario:* `An alert is displayed in the config server when a new version is available`
 - *Scenario:* `clicking the **update** button on the config server performs a git pull and reboots`

## ðŸ’¡ Support muiltiple chart plots on one display
>**AS** Marketing  
**In order** to appeal to a broad user-base  
**I want** multiple charts to be displayed on one screen  
**So that** that people can accurately track multiple currencies with one device
 - *Scenario:* `two currencies may be added to config, and both have charts displayed on-screen`

## ðŸ’¡ Show Market indicators (macd, rsi, bbands, fibs)
> worth it?

## ðŸ’¡Make bitbot capable of buying/selling 
>**As** Marketing  
**In order that** we can promote the device as a trading bot  
**I want** bit bot to be configurable to make orders at regular intervals  
**So that** users can use DCA trading strategies  
 - *Scenario:* `Bitbot is configured with trading account details, buy frequencey and amount.`
 - *Scenario:* `Bitbot used configured trading info to automatically place orders for the customer.`

